CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to Markdown Cleaner CLI

Thank you for considering contributing to Markdown Cleaner CLI! Contributions are not only welcome—they are highly encouraged! The following guidelines help ensure a smooth process for everyone.

## How You Can Help

- **Reporting Bugs**: If you find a bug, please open an [issue](https://github.com/ioncakephper/markdown-cleaner-cli/issues) with clear reproduction steps and expected and actual behaviors. Include relevant logs, configs, and system info.
- **Suggesting Features**: Have an idea to improve this project? Open a [feature request](https://github.com/ioncakephper/markdown-cleaner-cli/issues) or start a discussion in [Discussions](https://github.com/ioncakephper/markdown-cleaner-cli/discussions).
- **Submitting Pull Requests**: Contributions of code, documentation, and tests are welcome! Please review the guidelines below before opening a pull request.

## Getting Started

1. Fork the repo and clone your fork locally.
2. Make sure you have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) installed.
3. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

4. Create a new branch for your change:

   ```bash
   git checkout -b my-feature
   ```

5. Make your changes with clear, descriptive commit messages.
6. Add or update documentation and tests as appropriate.

## Pull Request Guidelines

- Clearly describe your changes and why they are needed.
- If fixing a bug, include steps to reproduce and reference the related issue number.
- For significant changes or new features, please open an issue first to discuss your proposal.
- Ensure your code is clean and follows existing style and conventions.
- Run linter and tests before pushing:

  ```bash
  npm test
  ```

## Documentation Changes

- If you modify or add headers in `README.md`, run:

  ```bash
  npm run docs:toc
  ```

  This updates the Table of Contents section automatically.

- To keep the formatting of code and Markdown files consistent, run:

  ```bash
  npm run format
  ```

- If the project structure in the README needs updating, run:

  ```bash
  npm run docs:tree
  ```

- It is vital to run:

  ```bash
  npm run ready
  ```

  before submitting a pull request. This command will run all of the above steps (formatting, updating the project tree, and Table of Contents) to ensure your contribution is ready for review.

## Code of Conduct

By participating, you are expected to uphold our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Community & Support

For questions or to get involved in broader discussions, visit the [Discussions](https://github.com/ioncakephper/markdown-cleaner-cli/discussions) page.

---

We appreciate your effort and look forward to your contribution!

Commit message:

feat: Add script to automatically update badges in README.md
This commit introduces a new script `scripts/update-badges.js` that automatically generates and updates badges in the README.md file based on the project's configuration and available features.

The script analyzes the `package.json` file, checks for the existence of specific files (e.g., LICENSE, CONTRIBUTING.md, CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md), and detects relevant dependencies (e.g., prettier, jest). Based on this information, it generates a set of badges representing the project's status, license, code style, testing framework, and more.

The script then updates the README.md file by replacing the existing badges with the newly generated ones. This ensures that the README.md file always displays the most up-to-date information about the project.

Additionally, the `ready` script in `package.json` has been updated to include the `badges:update` script, ensuring that badges are refreshed every time the `ready` script is executed.

Finally, the CONTRIBUTING.md file has been updated to inform contributors about the new badge update command.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to Markdown Cleaner CLI

Thank you for considering contributing to Markdown Cleaner CLI! Contributions are not only welcome—they are highly encouraged! The following guidelines help ensure a smooth process for everyone.

## How You Can Help

- **Reporting Bugs**: If you find a bug, please open an [issue](https://github.com/ioncakephper/markdown-cleaner-cli/issues) with clear reproduction steps and expected and actual behaviors. Include relevant logs, configs, and system info.
- **Suggesting Features**: Have an idea to improve this project? Open a [feature request](https://github.com/ioncakephper/markdown-cleaner-cli/issues) or start a discussion in [Discussions](https://github.com/ioncakephper/markdown-cleaner-cli/discussions).
- **Submitting Pull Requests**: Contributions of code, documentation, and tests are welcome! Please review the guidelines below before opening a pull request.

## Getting Started

1. Fork the repo and clone your fork locally.
2. Make sure you have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) installed.
3. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

4. Create a new branch for your change:

   ```bash
   git checkout -b my-feature
   ```

5. Make your changes with clear, descriptive commit messages.
6. Add or update documentation and tests as appropriate.

## Pull Request Guidelines

- Clearly describe your changes and why they are needed.
- If fixing a bug, include steps to reproduce and reference the related issue number.
- For significant changes or new features, please open an issue first to discuss your proposal.
- Ensure your code is clean and follows existing style and conventions.
- Run linter and tests before pushing:

  ```bash
  npm test
  ```

## Documentation Changes

- If you modify or add headers in `README.md`, run:

  ```bash
  npm run docs:toc
  ```

  This updates the Table of Contents section automatically.

- To keep the repository's badges accurate and up to date, run:

  ```bash
  npm run badges:update
  ```

  This will refresh the badges at the top of `README.md` to match repository features (npm, license, CI, and more).

- To keep the formatting of code and Markdown files consistent, run:

  ```bash
  npm run format
  ```

- If the project structure in the README needs updating, run:

  ```bash
  npm run docs:tree
  ```

- It is vital to run:

  ```bash
  npm run ready
  ```

  before submitting a pull request. This command will run all of the above steps: refresh the badges, update the project tree, update the Table of Contents, and format code and Markdown files—ensuring your contribution is ready for review.

## Code of Conduct

By participating, you are expected to uphold our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Community & Support

For questions or to get involved in broader discussions, visit the [Discussions](https://github.com/ioncakephper/markdown-cleaner-cli/discussions) page.

---

We appreciate your effort and look forward to your contribution!
