README.md, before:

# 🧼 Markdown Cleaner CLI

<p align="center">
  <img src="assets/branding/logo-light.png" alt="markdown-cleaner-cli logo" width="300"/>
</p>

**A fast, zero-config CLI tool to clean and format Markdown files—remove trailing spaces, normalize headings, and tidy up your docs.**

---

## 🚀 Features

- 🧹 Cleans up messy Markdown formatting
- 🔄 Normalizes heading levels and spacing
- 🧼 Removes trailing whitespace and empty lines
- ⚡ Fast and zero-config
- 🛠️ Works with `.md` files in any project

---

## 📦 Installation

```bash
npm install -g markdown-cleaner-cli
```

This command installs the CLI tool globally, making the `mdclean` command available in your terminal from any directory.

---

## 🧪 Usage

```bash
mdclean clean path/to/file.md
```

---

## 🛠️ Commands

### `clean <file>`

Clean the Markdown file by removing unnecessary elements.

**Options:**

- `-f, --force`: overwrite output file if it exists
- `-q, --quiet`: suppress all output except errors

---

## ⚙️ Global Options

- `-v, --verbose`: enable verbose output
- `--debug`: enable debug output
- `--silent`: suppress all output

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please see our [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

---

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

docs: add CLI version check to README.md

README.md, after:

# 🧼 Markdown Cleaner CLI

<p align="center">
  <img src="assets/branding/logo-light.png" alt="markdown-cleaner-cli logo" width="300"/>
</p>

**A fast, zero-config CLI tool to clean and format Markdown files—remove trailing spaces, normalize headings, and tidy up your docs.**

---

## 🚀 Features

- 🧹 Cleans up messy Markdown formatting
- 🔄 Normalizes heading levels and spacing
- 🧼 Removes trailing whitespace and empty lines
- ⚡ Fast and zero-config
- 🛠️ Works with `.md` files in any project

---

## 📦 Installation

```bash
npm install -g markdown-cleaner-cli
```

This command installs the CLI tool globally, making the `mdclean` command available in your terminal from any directory.

---

## 🧪 Usage

To check the CLI version:

```bash
mdclean -V
```

To clean a Markdown file:

```bash
mdclean clean path/to/file.md
```

---

## 🛠️ Commands

### `clean <file>`

Clean the Markdown file by removing unnecessary elements.

**Options:**

- `-f, --force`: overwrite output file if it exists
- `-q, --quiet`: suppress all output except errors

---

## ⚙️ Global Options

- `-v, --verbose`: enable verbose output
- `--debug`: enable debug output
- `--silent`: suppress all output

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please see our [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

---

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
